CEO’s Circular No: 99 / 2023

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01
21st December 2023

To All Executive Staff,

HARDSHIP MITIGATION CONCESSION FOR EXECUTIVE STAFF

We are pleased to inform you that the SLTMobitel Board has approved a payment of hardship mitigation concession as a measure of relief to staff in a year where SLTMobitel organization has not recorded a profit.

Eligibility and payment of hardship mitigation concession is as follows:

a. A hardship mitigation advance payment up to LKR 70,000/- (interest free) for executive staff to be paid in December 2023 upon request by the employee and to be recovered in nine (09) months in equal installments with effect from April 2024.

b. In addition, approval to be sought from the Board for a further advance payment of LKR 50,000/- (interest free) to be paid in February 2024 upon request by the employee and to be recovered in nine (09) months in equal installments with effect from April 2024 subject to achievement of improved performance of the company, reduction of operational costs and change of behavior by the staff to achieve these objectives.

c. CEO, COO-SLT, All Chief Officers who are having group level responsibilities, other Chief Officers of SLT, COO-Mobitel, Chief Officers of Mobitel and SGMs of Mobitel will not be paid any such payment in this regard.

I appreciate your support and co-operation to turn-around SLTMobitel in the coming months. In order to support the efforts taken by the Board and the management to provide you with above relief to overcome the present economic hardships, the management requests all employees to desist from indulging in any actions that are detrimental to the smooth operation of our business.

The year ahead will bring its own challenges & opportunities and working as a one team will pave the way to realize corporate objectives of the organization in the year 2024 and this will result in extending more benefits to all staff.

Janaka R Abeysinghe  
Chief Executive Officer