CEO's Circular No: 61/2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01
26 June 2024

To All SLTMobitel Staff,

INFORMATION REQUESTED BY THE INTERNAL AUDIT & FORENSIC & COMPLIANCE GROUPS

All employees are hereby informed that the Internal Audit Group and the Forensic and Compliance Group, function independently within our organization.

These Groups have unrestricted access to all information, personnel, and operations of the SLTMobitel Group.

All SLTMobitel employees are required to promptly provide any information requested by the Internal Audit Group and the Forensic & Compliance Group within 3 working days of such request. Approval from the immediate supervisor of the employee or any of his/her superiors is not required before providing any such information requested.

Due to the confidential and sensitive nature of the information handled by these Groups, it is imperative that such information remains strictly confidential between the information provider and either the Internal Audit Group or the Forensic and Compliance Group. This confidentiality extends to the immediate supervisor, DGM, GM, and the respective Chief Officers of the employee.

The Board of Directors and the senior management have dedicated significant efforts to combat corruption and fraud through robust internal controls and best practices.

Your cooperation in providing information promptly to the Internal Audit Group and Forensic & Compliance Group as and when requested is crucial, as even small pieces of information can significantly impact our organization.

Therefore, all employees are strictly advised to ensure compliance with these guidelines. If an employee fails to provide any information requested by these Groups within the specified timeframe, the employee is required to provide justifiable reasons for such delay. If the employee cannot provide justifiable and valid reasons for the delay, he/she will be issued a show cause letter as a disciplinary action.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer