CEO's Circular No: 83 / 2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.
9th September 2024

To All Staff of SLT

Chairman's Response to the Letter from Telecommunication Engineers' Union (TEU) Executive Committee and The Importance of Adherence to the Code of Conduct of SLT

During the recent past, TEU has sent letters signed by the President and the Secretary of TEU, to the Chairman/SLT, Board of Directors of SLT, at times copying parties external to SLT, and all SLT staff members. Responses to such letters have been directly sent to the President and the Secretary of TEU, without copying any external parties or employees of SLT. Therefore, it was decided to keep all SLT staff aware on the recent response by Chairman/SLT to the President and the Secretary of TEU.

Chairman's response to the President and the Secretary of TEU, to their letter dated 2nd September 2024 which they have copied to the SLT Board and all SLT staff among others, is given in Annexure 1. The Management believes that it is important for all employees to adhere to the discipline and Code of Conduct of the organization (a copy is attached in Annexure 2) where each and every employee is individually and collectively liable to uphold and maintain the discipline of the organization.

The Management wishes to emphasize that it will not accept extremely unprofessional, unethical and at times illegal behavior on the part of TEU Executive Committee. Therefore, notice was issued to the Telecommunication Engineers' Union (TEU) Executive committee to refrain from behaving in a manner that would be in breach of company policy and protocol as well as taking any unfair action that would affect the organization, undermine the SLT Management's authority, tarnish its image and damage the reputation of SLT officials.

The company has obtained an enjoining order from Colombo District Court against specified actions of the TEU.

Without prejudice to what has been stated above, the organization is presently assessing the conduct of each TEU Executive Committee member in order to ascertain the extent to which they have personally breached company discipline and protocol. The organization will not hesitate to take action against any employee irrespective of their status in the TEU Executive committee, if found responsible of breaching company discipline.

At the same time, SLT Chairman has communicated to the TEU that the organization believes in resolving matters via a meaningful dialog via an agreed framework and protocol in resolving any industrial dispute amicably.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer