CEO's Circular No: 77 / 2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.

14th August 2024

To All Staff,

Cautioning Staff on Attempts to Mislead Employees

We trust that it is the duty of the Management to inform our staff on the on-going developments in the Industrial Relations front of the Company.

The Board of Directors and the Senior Management have dedicated significant efforts in combatting corruption and fraud through robust internal controls and best practices. Establishing a Forensic and Compliance Group in our Company was one of the results of these efforts.

As per the Management structure of SLT, the functions of the Internal Audit Group and the Forensic and Compliance Group (IAG and F&CG) are carried out as independent functions under the purview of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee holds due authority to make recommendations to the Board of Directors (BoD) of SLT in respect to Internal Audit functions and Forensic & Compliance functions, where the BoD authorizes the CEO to carry out its decisions and instruct employees accordingly. It is therefore, the responsibility of all employees to assist and cooperate with the Internal Audit Group and Forensic and Compliance Group to carry out their activities for the best interest of SLT without undue influence from any third party.

Majority of the employees and Trade Unions are very supportive of the effort of the Management to eradicate corruption and malpractices. However, recent activities of one of the Trade Unions and a few employees have become an obstacle for the Management to fight against fraud and corruption. Such activities included instructing its members to refrain from sharing information without a written request from the Internal Audit and Forensic and Compliance Group. Further, there were instances of delays in providing required resources to IAG and F&CG.

We learnt that one of the Trade Unions had circulated misleading information among its members and sought their support to disrupt work in our Company. They have done so by also seeking the support of their members to participate in a non-cooperation / boycott campaign against the Management of our Company & supposedly in support of an employee (also a member of the said Trade Union) who had been recently laterally transferred to a different group in SLT (CEO's Circular No.70/2024). Management wishes to emphasize that this particular transfer was not a punishment transfer as the said Trade Union positions it.

Further, we wish to inform you that we will investigate to ascertain whether there has been a failure or omission on the part of any employee/s, which resulted in a delay in supplying the internal audit division with computers that were needed to commence an urgent and important inquiry into serious irregularities. We will afford a fair chance to explain themselves, if anyone seemed to have been involved in such remiss.

As you are aware, we have a zero-tolerance policy in respect of corruption and take all related issues seriously. Dealing with such matters without delay is the key to eradicate such misconduct and bringing to book those responsible for such acts that have great consequences for the Company. In fact, the Management views the support and cooperation that you have extended to us on such matters as invaluable.

The proposed unfair practice of the said Trade Union includes the boycott of Management and disregarding Management instructions as well as disregarding calling for meetings by the CEO and the Management on official matters, to list a few. Initially, the said Trade Union had called for the withdrawal of the company's decision to transfer the relevant employee to a different division. We note that the transfer has been done pending above-mentioned investigation, considering the adverse impact that had resulted in the delays in providing the computers to facilitate the audit. Sadly, the said Trade Union appears to be widening the scope of their 'illegal actions' by even proceeding to instruct the CPO to halt ongoing interviews for promotions & processes related to recruitment of staff.

All of the above actions have been proposed by the said Trade Union at a time when the Management has agreed to inquire into a grievance submitted by the employee concerned through the company's grievance handling mechanism, like in the case of any other employee.

In fact, the said Trade Union's decision to incite employees against the authority of the Management can only be described as grossly insubordinate conduct. Such insubordinate conduct is intended to undermine the Management authority while disrupting the smooth flow of work at our Company, which provides services of an essential nature to the entire nation in a highly competitive market. At a time when the company is on a recovery path, we expect a trade union that represents professionals of the highest order to act more responsibly and conscientiously rather than conduct itself unfairly.

We wish to emphasize that Trade Unions cannot interfere in the affairs of managing Companies / organizations. The power and responsibility of managing the Company / organization lies solely with the Board of Directors, CEO and the Management. Therefore, all employees are bound by their Letter of Appointment, Company Procedures, policies, processes, circulars and Management instructions. Employees are required to carry out the instructions given by the CEO and the Management. If any employee fails to carry out the instructions of the CEO and the Management, such incidents amount to insubordination and will warrant us taking necessary disciplinary actions. Further, disruptions caused by such insubordination, will affect the company performance and hence impacts benefits of all its employees including any potential year-end benefits. We will be taking all measures to deal with this situation and ensure normalcy of operations. We caution you against falling prey to any misinformation. Furthermore, if you are forced into participating in any illegal action as proposed by any Trade Union, please feel free to provide such information to CPO Group so that, we will be able to take appropriate measures against those who are responsible for any misconduct or encouraging such grievous and/or unethical conduct.

As the management, we will always ensure that we will treat every employee of the Company fairly and equitably, irrespective of his designation or the position he/she holds.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer