===== Page 1 =====

CEO’s Circular No: 57/2023

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01
11th August 2023

To All Staff,

IMPLEMENTATION OF SLTMOBITEL UNIFIED GROUP ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

Sri Lanka Telecom PLC (“SLT”) and Mobitel (Pvt) Ltd (“Mobitel”) adopted a unified organization structure as primarily driven by the brand unification of SLTMobitel to carry out business and operational functions at group level in order to promote cohesion across SLT Group, optimizing the efforts to achieve goals faster with minimal costs.

The unified SLTMobitel Group Organization Structure defines the grouping of business & operational units and the working arrangement within SLT and Mobitel. The objective of the unified group organization structure is to create one face to the customer for conducting business, service delivery and customer care to avoid duplication of work while optimizing resource utilization etc., during the transformation from a Telco to a Techco.

The Group Organization structural re-alignments will be introduced from time to time based on the evolving business and operational requirements of the SLT Group.

SLT Mobitel Organization Structure

1. Organizational Levels are defined under the following Chief Officers:

The scope of the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, spans across the entire SLT Mobitel Group. Hence, to be consistent with the naming convention of designations, the Group Chief Officers who handled SLTMobitel Group functions will be renamed as Chief Officers as detailed below.

i. Chief Operating Officer - SLT (“COO-SLT”)
ii. Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)
iii. Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”)
iv. Chief Marketing Officer (“CMO”)
v. Chief People Officer (“CPO”)
vi. Chief Business Officer – Consumer Business (“CBO -CB”)
vii. Chief Business Officer – Enterprise Business (CBO – EB”)
viii. Chief Network Officer (“CNO”)
ix. Chief Administrative Officer (“CAO”)
x. Chief Officer - Supply Chain Management (“CO-SCM”)
xi. Chief Legal Officer (“CLO”)
xii. Chief Internal Auditor (“CIA”)

The above Chief Officers are responsible for the delivery of Group Level KPIs of SLT & Mobitel.

Page 1 of 4

===== Page 2 =====

2. Reporting Lines and Authority

2.1 The Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO) position was relinquished from 30th April 2023, and all powers and authority that were vested with the GCEO were vested with the Chief Executive Officer of SLT (CEO) from 1st May 2023, for the organization and strategic coordination of all business and operational affairs of the SLT Group through the dissemination, implementation, and monitoring of the group strategy and basic management guidelines established by the Board of Directors.

2.2 The Board of Directors have delegated to the CEO, the supervision, direction and control of the day-to-day management and operation of SLT Group in accordance with the approved Annual Business Plan.

2.3 Powers and authorities vested with CEO Mobitel were vested with COO-Mobitel from 01st June 2023. COO-Mobitel will report to CEO. COO-Mobitel will report to the Board of Mobitel through CEO.

2.4 COO-Mobitel, CEOs and/or Heads of SLT subsidiaries and associate companies will report to the CEO for their day-to-day management (administrative and functional) with respect to their responsibilities under the respective company.

2.5 Chief Officers detailed in Section 01 above are responsible for the delivery of Group level KPIs of SLT and Mobitel. Administrative authority of Chief Officers mentioned in Section 01 and their operational working arrangement are as per the unified Group Organizational structure detailed in Annexure 01. All such Chief Officers will administratively and functionally report to COO-Mobitel for the achievement of KPIs related to Mobitel. In achieving KPI’s relating to Mobitel, COO-Mobitel will work with such Chief Officers and relevant senior managers who hold the responsibility for KPIs of Mobitel.

2.6 Authority and responsibilities of all DGM and above officers, will be in accordance with the Accountability Matrix that will be defined by the CEO in consultation with COO-Mobitel as applicable. Once finalized, the Accountability Matrix will be communicated to the respective officers by the relevant Chief Officer.

3. Key Organizational Changes:

3.1 SLTMobitel Group functions are clustered into Business and Operations clusters.

3.2 The Operations cluster comprises of;

3.2.1 Administration Group
3.2.2 Network Group
3.2.3 Supply Chain Management Group
3.2.4 Legal Group

Page 2 of 4

===== Page 3 =====

3.3 The Business cluster comprises of:
    3.3.1 Marketing Group
    3.3.2 Technology Group
    3.3.3 Finance Group
    3.3.4 Consumer Business Group
    3.3.5 Enterprise Business Group
    3.3.6 Human Resources Group

3.4 Mr. A. L. A. P. R. Ambegoda is appointed as the Chief Operating Officer of SLT PLC (COO-SLT), and will report to CEO.
    CNO, CAO, CO-SCM and CLO will report to CEO through COO-SLT and COO-Mobitel for SLT functions and Mobitel functions, respectively.

3.5 SLTMobitel Group Corporate Strategy, Risk Management, Revenue Assurance & Fraud Management, Information Security & Quality Management and Internal Control functions are subsumed within the COO-SLT’s scope. Hence COO-SLT will functionally report to COO-Mobitel for the said functions of Mobitel, and will directly report to CEO for such functions of SLT.

3.6 Overall accountability of Product Management of SLTMobitel Group and the ownership for the product management and product strategy in the Consumer & Micro Business, SME, Enterprise, Government, Carrier Business (Domestic) and Carrier Business (International) segments of SLTMobitel Group are clustered under Deputy Chief Officer/Product Management (DCO-PM). Mr. M S Samarasinha is appointed as the DCO/Product Management who has the overall responsibility for the product management of SLTMobitel Group. DCO-PM will report to Chief Marketing Officer.

3.7 Mr. S. P. Robertson is redesignated as Deputy Chief Marketing Officer/GM-Customer Experience (Fixed Business). Customer Experience Management and Contact Centre functions of fixed business will be clustered under DCMO/GM-CE (Fixed Business).

3.8 Information & Digital Group is restructured as the Technology Group. Mr. T. P. Gamalath is appointed as the Chief Technology Officer (CTO). R&D and Innovation functions are clustered under the Technology Group, in addition to the IT & Digital functions. Deputy Chief Innovation Officer will report to CTO.

3.9 The Technology Group is restructured as the Network Group and Mr. R. M. P. S. Samarajeewa is appointed as the Chief Network Officer. The Network Group consists of key functional areas namely Network Operations & Maintenance, Network Strategy & Projects, Regional Operations and Data Centre & Cloud Services of SLTMobitel Group. CNO will report to CEO through COO-SLT and COO-Mobitel for the respective SLTMobitel Group functions.

Page 3 of 4

===== Page 4 =====

3.10 Assets Monetization & Sustainable Energy Group is restructured as the Administration Group. Mr. H. K. S. K. Abeysekara is appointed as the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO). CAO will report to CEO through COO-SLT and COO-Mobitel for the respective SLTMobitel Group functions. Further Mr. R M S K Piyarathna is redesignated as Chief Officer - Facility Management (CO-FM) and will report to CAO. The Program Management function of SLTMobitel Group will report to CAO. Administration, Facility Management and Power & AC functions are structured under CO-FM.

3.11 All Legal and Regulatory functions of the SLTMobitel Group are clustered under Mrs. H. D. A. S. A. Wijekoon, the Chief Legal Officer (CLO). CLO will report to CEO through COO-SLT and COO-Mobitel, for the respective SLTMobitel Group functions.

3.12 Chief Officer – Supply Chain Management (CO-SCM) will report to CEO through COO-SLT and COO-Mobitel for the respective SLTMobitel Group functions.

3.13 Compliance Officer (Deputy General Manager) position is created, who will functionally report to Audit Committee/Board of Directors and administratively report to CFO. Compliance Officer is responsible for compliance functions of the entire SLT Group.

3.14 All Heads of Finance of Subsidiary Companies will functionally report to CFO, and will administratively report to CEO of the respective Subsidiary.

3.15 All Heads of HR of Subsidiary Companies will functionally report to CPO, and will administratively report to CEO of the respective Subsidiary.

3.16 Chief Internal Auditor (CIA) is responsible for the internal audit and investigation functions of the entire SLT Group.

3.17 All other changes that are not mentioned herein are given in the Organization Structure in Annexure 01.

4. Effective Date.

The SLTMobitel Unified Group Organizational structure given in Annexure 1, will be implemented with immediate effect.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer

Page 4 of 4