CEO’s Circular No: 08/2024

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.
12th January 2024

To: All Staff

COLLECTIVE RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE SMOOTH OPERATION OF SLTMOBITEL GROUP

We have begun the year 2024 with new hopes and new challenges. The management is confident that all SLTMobitel staff will rise-up to achieve our business objectives and deliver company and Group targets while delighting our customers and stakeholders.

We faced an early hurdle in 2024 in aligning our employees to understand the present economic realities of the country and business. Economic conditions are a common issue faced by all citizens and institutions and therefore, SLTMobitel as a company cannot be expected to completely insulate employees. Inflation is occurring worldwide and in Sri Lanka. As a responsible company, SLT makes every effort to pay staff salaries and other entitlements on or before the due date, despite the economic challenges and significant cost increases such as electricity, maintenance, fuel etc.

The management is happy that we were able to offer a salary advance in support of relieving the economic hardships of all the employees other than the staff at Chief Officer level. SLTMobitel, as a responsible employer has determined to extend such a hardship mitigation option to all our employees. We are releasing this facility to all the employees who have applied for and are eligible for it as an act of social responsibility by the company. Majority of our employees have already received the funds. Any staff member taking advantage of the salary advance need to understand that their salary will reduce during the 9 month repayment period, and hence, they need to personally budget and manage finances accordingly.

As we all know, such concessions cost the company real money which will further weaken our financial position, that will impact the performance of SLT and SLTMobitel group in the immediate future. Therefore, our call to staff is to intensify efforts in the business. This is not a situation of business as usual as we are fighting with our competitors for a share in a shrinking wallet of our customers. We expect your support for the company’s growth in these challenging times without giving any undue advantage to our competitors. Success of the organization means success for the employees with increased employment benefits.

Meanwhile, the employees should not get carried away by the various incorrect claims made by a selected few, risking the company’s future and welfare of employees. SLTMobitel Management trusts that all staff members at SLTMobitel will avoid engaging in any harmful and disruptive activities detrimental to the organization’s smooth operation. Such harmful activities will result in company facing further challenges in 2024 and beyond, and that will benefit none other than competitors and will further reduce the growth of our company. Ultimately, it is you who will have to face the consequences which will lead to losing your hard-earned benefits.

SLTMobitel management is determined to put the company on the right track, and we wish to let you know that we expect your support and cooperation at this time of difficulty. The management will not tolerate any detrimental actions taken by anyone that are harmful to the business and reputation of SLTMobitel Group, detrimental to the progress of the company, disturbs and disrupts the smooth operation of the company, and harmful to the employee’s future.

We thank all the executive and non-executive staff members as well as the trade unions who have supported in finding solutions to the issues and who pledged their support in improving the quality of service to our customers, achieve the business objectives and profitability of the Company and maintaining a harmonious work environment.

Let us rally round as One Team and work towards the success of SLTMobitel.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer