CEO’s Circular No: 67 / 2023

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01

15th September 2023

To All Staff,

SLTMOBITEL GROUP WHISTLE-BLOWING PROCEDURE

Whistle-blower is as a person or entity making protected disclosure about Misconducts. They may be employees of the company, applicants for employment, shareholders, investors, vendors, suppliers, contractors, customers, any third party, any other stakeholder or the general public.

The revised SLTMobitel Group Whistle-blowing procedure provides safe channels for Whistleblowers to report concerns about, suspected serious misconduct of SLTMobitel employees or any breach or suspected breach of law or regulation or conflicts of interest that may adversely affect the Company, the Company’s customers, shareholders, employees, investors or the public at large and to come forward and express such genuine concerns without fear of punishment or unfair treatment.

A Panel comprising following members, who are completely independent of SLT Mobitel Group has been appointed to the Whistleblowing Unit to conduct the preliminary investigations into the reported incidents (complaints).

1. Prof. Pavithra Kailasapathy, Professor, Department of Human Resources Management, Faculty of Management and Finance, University of Colombo
2. Mr. Gotabaya Dissanayake, Attorney at law and former DG of the Employers Federation
3. Mr. Mohamed Awad, Chartered Accountant practicing as an Independent Consultant
4. Ms. Rita Kern, Secretary

The Whistleblowing Unit is required to carry out a preliminary investigation into the reported incident and identify whether there is a prima-facie case to proceed further with an internal audit/forensic audit or investigation and submit a report to the Audit Committee, which will direct the Chief Internal Auditor and the CEO to take appropriate action.

Whistleblower/s may report allegations of Misconduct to the Whistleblowing Unit through the following Reporting Channels.

- Ethics Hotline (Voice Mail Service/WhatsApp): 070 568 2121
- Email: Whistleblower@sltnet.lk
- Letters and documents to be addressed to: P.O Box details will be notified in near future.

The management will put in place a process to ensure that there will be no retaliation or victimization against the whistle blowers. The management expects all whistle blowers to use this mechanism to raise genuine concerns in a responsible manner in order to ensure its effectiveness.

This procedure is applicable to Whistleblowers such as all employees of the company (SLTMobitel Group) and related parties such as the company’s customers, shareholders, vendors, applicants for employment, suppliers, contractors, investors, other stakeholders and the public at large. This procedure is made available on SLT web (https://www.sltmobitel.lk) and intranet via [General>SLT Common Document Portal>Policies>Human Resources (CPO)> Whistleblowing Procedure_Final.V2.0].

Page 1 of 2

===== Page 2 =====

This Procedure will be implemented with effect from 18th September 2023 and only apply to genuine claims and Reports.

If deliberate or malicious false Reports/complaints are made, management will take those very seriously and in such a situation, management will take disciplinary action against the employee/s who has reported such malicious or false incidents/reports/ complaints.

---

**Janaka R Abeysinghe Chief Executive Officer**

Page 2 of 2