CEO’s Circular No: 82/2023

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.

6th November 2023

To All Staff,

Cessation of Work From Home (WFH) Arrangements and Conducting SLT Normal Operations At Full Capacity

As per the CEO’s Circular No. 02/2023 dated 4th January 2023 on “Resumption of Operations into Normalcy” (Annexure 01), operations of the organization were resumed into normalcy. This decision was based on several factors, including the improved COVID-19 situation and due to the country situation resuming into normalcy.

We truly appreciate your dedication and adaptability during this period. As the contextual factors are now fully normalized, SLT PLC shall resume its activities at full capacity. Accordingly, all Work From Home (WFH) arrangements will cease to be in force with effect from 15th November 2023.

Normal operations at full capacity will resume on 15th November 2023, and all SLT employees are instructed to report to work as scheduled. A Grace Period will be granted until 30th November, for employees to make necessary arrangements to comply with this direction.

Standard duty time will resume, as specified in the employment contract. Hence, all employees are instructed to report to work according to their regular duty time. SLT management understands that some employees may need to make adjustments to their transportation arrangements, and hence, such employees are advised to plan accordingly.

While we cease the WFH arrangement, the management will consider exceptional situations on a case-by-case basis. Such requests shall be submitted to General Manager/HCM along with strong justifications of the respective General Manager with the recommendation of the relevant Chief Officer for consideration by the CPO.

We look forward to establishing SLT operations to a smooth and normal operations at full capacity.

All SLT employees are instructed to strictly adhere to this normal work arrangement.

Thank you for your continued commitment and dedication.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer