CEO's Circular No: 25/2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.
22nd February 2024

To: All Staff

ESTABLISHMENT OF INNOVATION GROUP AND APPOINTMENT OF THE CHIEF INNOVATION OFFICER (CInO) OF SLTMOBITEL GROUP

In a fast-changing business world, innovation has become a critical function for any organization. Competition has got tougher with the accelerated pace of change, streamlined business operations, and easier access to information and knowledge. The only real differentiator for organizations will be the ability to innovate continually. As operations will get streamlined, efficient and eventually fully automated, the focus will soon shift from running the business to pursuing opportunities. In view of this, SLTMobitel Group has decided to establish a powerful Innovation Group, to build an innovation culture with a collective mindset to rapidly identify new opportunities, and to value and promote exploration of these new opportunities and ideas.

Innovation Group will help to break the organizational silos and hierarchical barriers by inspiring and empowering people to collaborate effectively toward a larger organizational purpose. Further, transformation of the company with innovation at its core, by identifying the necessity to change at the right time, to proceed with those changes without delay, and to measure the impact of those changes are also expected to be a focus area for the Innovation Group. Powered by a talented, diverse cross-disciplinary Innovation Team, the Innovation Group is expected to discover new opportunities, validate them and make the right decisions as part of a balanced Innovation portfolio.

Key objectives of establishing the Innovation Group are as follows:

1. To improve the ability of SLTMobitel Group to quickly respond to market disruptions by studying/analyzing emerging new technologies, consumer behavior shifts etc.

2. To create new innovation ideas in areas where product lines and sales are stagnant, to drive growth and increase market share.

3. To initiate and lead new market expansions by entering into new geographical or product-related markets.

4. To create an innovative organization by instilling an innovation culture to inspire talent/workforce in the company.

Following appointment has been made with immediate effect.

| Name               | Present Position     | New Position           | Reports to |
|--------------------|----------------------|------------------------|------------|
| Mr. R. M. P. S. Samarajeewa | Chief Network Officer (CNO) | Chief Innovation Officer (CInO) | CEO        |

CInO will directly report to the Chief Executive Officer. He will closely collaborate with the Corporate Strategy Division, Marketing Group, business unit heads, innovation teams, external partners, and other Chief Officers including COO-Mobitel, COO-SLT, CTO, CMO, CFO & CNO.

Mr. M. I. Deen (Deputy Chief Innovation Officer) and the team, who carry the responsibilities of innovation, R&D, and Digital Lab, and currently reporting to CTO will report to CinO with immediate effect. Innovation Group will be further strengthened in the future.

Mr. A. L. A. P. R. Ambegoda (Chief Operating Officer – SLT) will overlook the duties of Chief Network Officer (CNO), until a suitable replacement is made.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer