CEO's Circular No: 67 / 2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01. 24th July 2024

To All Staff of Sri Lanka Telecom Plc.

CAUTIONARY NOTICE

The Management has become aware that some Trade Unions are planning to stage a protest at SLT Head Office on 25th July 2024 against government decisions / policy relating to divesting of GOSL shares of SLT. This action to be held at SLT Head Office and/or any other SLT Premises will invariably cause disruptions to SLT operations, which will affect our customers, business performance and the image of the Company. The Management cautions employees that such disruptions will amount to violation of important conditions of employment.

While recognizing that as citizens of Sri Lanka you have a legitimate right to the freedom of expression and thought, which includes the right to participate in public protests, you must appreciate that in the exercise of such rights you are not entitled to violate the terms of your Contract of Employment with the company and/or the Codes of Conduct which you are obliged to adhere to as employees of this Company.

Accordingly, please ensure that you observe strict compliance with the following -

1. Any view you may have on Government policy regarding privatization does not constitute grounds for lawful Trade Union Action. Thus, any Trade Union Action initiated against the Company in this regard would be illegal and misconceived, and dealt with as such.

2. You are strictly prohibited from participating in and/or staging any protests relating to the matters aforesaid, during working hours and/or within the company premises.

3. You must ensure that whilst you participate in such public protests, you do not violate Disciplinary and/or Attendance procedures of the Company, or the rules and regulations stipulated in the Code of Conduct.

4. You shall not link or associate the Company in any way with the public protest you participate in or with the ideals you espouse at such protest. Hence, you are strictly prohibited from — 
   a) wearing or displaying the company uniform and/or the Company brand and/or Company logo and/or Company name, in any manner and/or in any material relating to such protests.
   b) acting in a manner contrary to the Digital Media Policy of the Company.
   c) acting in a manner that may cause damage and/or harm to the reputation of the Company and/or that will bring disrepute to the Company.

Please be informed that the subject matter of the aforesaid protests are sub judice and presently in contest before a Court of Law, and consequently, it is imperative that the Company is not associated with any position in this regard.

We hereby caution you that the breach of the aforesaid guidelines would entail severe disciplinary consequences.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer