CEO’s Circular No: 73/2023

CEO’s Office
Sri Lanka Telecom PLC
Colombol
05th October 2023

To All Staff,

Establishing a Virtual Organization Structure to Implement the Digital Transformation Program of SLTMobitel

In today’s fast-paced business landscape, organizations face intense competition from both traditional and disruptive players. Digital transformation can help us stay relevant and competitive by enabling innovation, improving operational efficiency, and enhancing customer experiences. Failing to keep up with digital advancements can result in adverse impacts in terms of financial performance, customer retention and operational challenges.

Implementing SLTMobitel’s Digital Transformation program (DT Program) is considered one of the key strategic priorities for SLTMobitel. It involves adopting new technologies, updating processes, and becoming more agile and adaptable to changing market conditions.

Considering the sense of urgency to remain competitive, sustain and thrive in today’s digital era expediting the implementation of the DT Program in SLTMobitel shall be performed through a virtual organization structure. Following structure which comprises of cross functional team members shall be responsible for the implementation of the DT program.

Virtual Organization Structure for DT Program Execution

PROGRAM CHAIR

STEERING COMMITTEE

CENTER OF EXCELLENCE TEAMS

DT PROGRAM EXECUTION

PROGRAM MANAGEMENT OFFICE

PROJECT MANAGEMENT TEAMS

Page 1 of 2

===== Page 2 =====

Policy document of Virtual Organization Structure for SLTMobileI-Digital transformation program implementation is annexed in Annexure I. Details of members of each functional unit and their core responsibilities are given in Annexure I.

As there are many compelling reasons to drive the DT program to achieve a higher level of digital maturity and achieve the business objectives of SLTMobileI, the established virtual organization is expected to execute the DT program with careful planning, cross functional collaboration, open communications, and methodical execution processes. It is also crucial to assess the organization's readiness, set clear objectives, provide leadership support and guidance at steering committee level, and ensure effective change management processes to maximize the benefits and minimize the risks associated with the planned transformative initiatives.

I expect all nominated members who are entrusted with different roles and responsibilities to extend their fullest support and contribute towards the DT program’s success.

---

**Janaka R. Abeysinghe Chief Executive Officer**

Page 2 of 2