CEO's Circular No: 68/2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01. 24 July 2024

To All Staff,

MAINTAINING UNINTERRUPTED OPERATIONS & CUSTOMER SERVICES on 25th JULY 2024

SLT's operation is essential for the continuation of critical services and business activities of our valued customers. Therefore, it is the responsibility of all employees to discharge their assigned business/operational duties with no disturbance to customer services. We all are aware that any interruption in our operation will adversely affect the image of the Company and the business.

The Management has already taken all the measures to continue the business and operations of the Company in the usual manner. Further, all the Chief Officers, the Regional Divisional and Sectional management are empowered to take the business and operational decisions to ensure business continuity of the Company.

Employees who have not reported for duty citing sickness, personal reasons or any other reason, are not allowed to enter the SLT premises on 25th July 2024. Employees are instructed not to disrupt any SLT services/operations by staying in front of SLT office premises, and not to indulge in any activities that can tarnish the brand image of SLT. Employees are also instructed not to block any entrance to the SLT premises that may lead to obstructing the employees, customers, suppliers from entering SLT offices. Further, the employees shall not engage in any forceful interventions, or threaten other employees who attend to their normal duties.

The Management seeks corporation of all staff to refrain from engaging in any activity which is detrimental to the interests of the Company and to report to their workstation and engage in the assigned duties as directed by their immediate supervisors to maintain uninterrupted operation and customer services.

Employees are hereby strongly advised not to violate any company rules and procedures, all company policies including the Digital Media Policy. Management will be compelled to take disciplinary actions against employees for any such violations.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer