CEO’s Circular No: 34/2023

CEO’s Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01
16th May 2023

To All Staff,

APPOINTMENT OF CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – MOBITEL (PVT) LTD

Mr. Sudharshana Geeganage has been appointed as the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Mobitel (Pvt) Ltd with effect from 12th May 2023.

Mr. Chandika Vitharena has resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of Mobitel (Pvt) Ltd with effect from 31st May 2023 and will be on garden leave from 11th May 2023 till 31st May 2023. During the said period, the Chief Executive Officer of Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, has been entrusted with the authority which was vested with the CEO of Mobitel.

With effect from 12th May 2023, Mr. Sudharshana Geeganage as the COO of Mobitel will report to Mr. Janaka R. Abeysinghe, CEO of SLT, and all staff reporting to CEO of Mobitel will report to COO of Mobitel. Mr. Geeganage (COO of Mobitel) will be assigned with the authority of the CEO of Mobitel, commencing from 1st June 2023.

Further, the functions of Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Mobitel and Group Chief Financial Strategy Officer of SLTMobitel (GCSFO) currently managed by Mr. Geeganage, will be assigned to Mr. Sanjeewa Samaranayake, GCFO of SLT PLC, with immediate effect.

Prior to the appointment as the COO of Mobitel, Mr. Sudharshana Geeganage held the position of GCSFO and CFO of Mobitel. He has been serving as a Director and an Audit Committee Member of eChannelling PLC since 2016. He also serves as a Policy Group Member for GSMA APAC. He counts 27 years of corporate experience and possesses a unique blend of expertise spanning Management consultancy, Investment and Development banking, Finance, Economics, and Strategy.

Mr. Geeganage commenced his career in telecommunications at Mobitel in 2003 and held multiple senior management positions in the Company prior to assuming the title of Group Chief Financial Strategy Officer. He performed a key role in the development of Mobitel’s growth strategy and was involved in pioneering initiatives of Mobitel.

Mr. Geeganage is a Stanford LEAD Distinguished Scholar and holds a B.Sc Engineering degree from the University of Moratuwa and a Masters degree in Economics from the University of Colombo. He also is a Fellow of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants’ UK and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.

We wish him all success in his new job role.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer