CEO's Circular No: 45/2024

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.
2 May 2024

To All SLT Staff,

Internal Recruitment of Telecommunication Technical Officer-A9

Applications are invited from permanent SLT employees who possess following qualifications and fulfill other eligibility criteria as at 30th April 2024 for the posts stated above.

1. Qualifications & Eligibility Criteria for the post of Telecommunication Technical Officer-A9:

a) G.C.E. (O.L) examination with six passes at one sitting with credit passes for Sinhala/Tamil, English Language and Mathematics.
AND
b) A Higher Diploma in Telecommunication/Electronic/Communication Technology/Computer Technology/ Electrical/Digital Technology/Power/AC etc. equivalent to National Vocational Qualification 6 (NVQ-6) or SLQF 4 or above from a University/Institute recognized by UGC Sri Lanka or any other government authorities.
OR
c) Registration at Engineering Council, Sri Lanka as an "Engineering Diplomate" in relevant field.
AND
d) Three years of permanent, confirmed and satisfactory service in SLT as at the date specified above.
Note: Selected employees should serve minimum four (04) years period at the deployed station to be eligible to request for a transfer.

2. Method of Selection:

Selection will be made through a written examination (English Medium). Only those who achieve required competency at the examination will be called for an interview for final selection. Placement will be done on par with organizational operational exigency.

3. Method of Applying:

Application should be submitted through ERP System to reach HR Strategies & Policy Section within 7 working days of issuing this circular. Scan copies of relevant certificates should be attached.

ERP System>SLT Employee Self-Service>Other Requests>Internal Recruitments>Click on 'Create Application'>Select the Post Applied> Attach Relevant Certificates>Add Qualifications>Click on 'Create'>Click on 'Application Number'>tick the 'Declaration' >Submit. (Application will be sent immediate executive supervising officer for recommendation and to the HR thereafter).

Applications sent without supporting documents will not be entertained. Correspondence will only be with the shortlisted applicants.

Janaka R Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer