CEO's Circular No: 66 / 2023
15th September 2023

To All Staff,

AMENDMENTS TO THE EXISTING CODE OF CONDUCT AND DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURE

Certain amendments were introduced to the Code of Conduct, Disciplinary and Attendance Procedure (Document No: HSPS/CDP/026) based on the approval of the Board of Directors, to create an organizational environment for a simplified and more efficient Disciplinary process.

As per the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure, the relevant Chief officers (with SLT Mobitel Group responsibilities) are authorized to provide recommendation, including the following, to the Disciplinary Authority to proceed with Disciplinary Action, regarding any information pertaining to an alleged Misconduct detailed under Schedule 3.3.25(a) of the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.

- Proceeding with Disciplinary Action.
- Transfer of an employee based on an alleged Misconduct.
- Suspension/Interdiction of employee pending Investigation/Inquiry.

However, the authority conferred on the Chief Officers (with SLT Mobitel Group responsibilities) will exclude the authority regarding alleged Misconduct referred to the Board of Directors, Audit Committee or Chief Executive Officer.

All Misconduct are divided into two segments under the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.

(i) The Alleged Misconduct for which the Chief Officers (with SLT Mobitel Group responsibilities) are authorized to provide their recommendation regarding their respective areas, to take Disciplinary Action, are included under Schedule 3.3.25(a) of the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.

(ii) The Alleged Misconduct on which the Disciplinary Authority is authorized to take appropriate action without the recommendation of any Chief Officer (with SLT Mobitel Group responsibilities), are included under Schedule 3.3.25(b) of the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.

The Attendance Procedure, which was included under the previous Code of Conduct, Disciplinary and Attendance Procedure, was separated from the Disciplinary Procedure under the amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure.

The amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure (Document No: HSPS/CDP/026) is available on the SLT intranet [General>SLT Common Document Portal>Policies>Human Resources (CPO)>Amended Code of Conduct & Disciplinary procedure].

The amended Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Procedure will be implemented with immediate effect.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer