CEO's Circular No: 82 / 2022

CEO's Office
Sri Lanka Telecom PLC
Colombo 1

11th November 2022

To: All Executives

Duty Arrangement for Common Workplace under Energy Management Initiatives of SLT

Office space utilization and efficiency are becoming more important than ever. Employees in some of the sections are working from home and the office in a hybrid model. Everyone worked from the office only in the past, but with the pandemic and current situation of the country, employees are compelled to use both work from home and office arrangements, especially for some of the sections.

In order to improve the flexible working environment under the optimized energy-efficient model, SLT has taken an initiative to introduce a Common Workplace Concept, and a pilot project is planned at the Digital Office on the 9th floor of the SLT HQ building with effect from 14th November 2022.

Booking Mechanism

• The employees in the 9th floor-HQ building can reserve a location under the pilot project through the Seat Reservation App from the following link via intranet or VPN, https://seat.intranet.slt.com.lk/SeatReservationApp

and it is expected to open the space to other employees as well based on the requirement in future.

• Furniture, Power and Network facility under an AC environment will be facilitated at each location.

• Booking must be done ahead of time and shall be informed to the superior officer.

• The office will be facilitated with an access control system that can be accessed by the SLT ID.

• Reservation will initially be provided only for five consecutive days.

Also, it is planned to introduce a similar space in the CTO building in the near future. We believe this new step will reduce unused spaces while getting the most out of available physical spaces in SLT.

Further, we expect to improve this model for shared workstations, breakrooms, and meeting rooms, where a booking system has already been introduced.

All this will enable workers to switch environments based on the type of work they do and how they work best.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe  
Chief Executive Officer