CEO Circular No: 18/2022

CEO's Office
Sri Lanka Telecom PLC
Lotus Road
Colombo 01
March 2022

To All Staff,

**Managing Power and Energy Requirements at SLT**

The management of SLT has decided to appoint team to study, make plans and be vigilant to face any crisis situation due to commercial power outages and lack of fuel supply. This is to ensure business continuity and thereby to maintain an uninterrupted island wide customer service.

Hence, necessary arrangements have been made to supply fuel based on priority, and you are kindly requested to be on alert and support the management by taking initiatives towards saving power within SLT premises by engaging in the following practices.

1. Switch off all unnecessary lights and AC units.
2. Make sure that all power units, Air Conditioners and all kinds of unnecessary lights are switched off especially when leaving the workplace.
3. Always work as a team in your workplace and take relevant measures to minimize energy consumption.
4. Support and encourage other staff members to engage in similar good practices.

The SLT Management has appointed the following team to manage the present situation with regard to power and energy.

1. Mr. A. Kirupakaran - Operation
2. Mr. Mangala Samarajeewa/Nishantha Rathnayake-Network
3. Mrs. Nimali Soyza-Power and AC
4. Mr. Bandara Nawela- Tx
5. Mr. Sanjaya Kumara- OS
6. Mr. Indika Peris- Finance
7. Mr. L S B Karunaratna- Power and AC
8. Mr. Chamara Prasanga Kumara-Power Operation Mobile!

The responsibilities and accountabilities assigned to the team are as follows:

Responsibilities:
○ Manage any crisis situation due to commercial power outages and short supply of fuel.
○ Maintain adequate fuel stocks.
○ Facilitate smooth operation of generators.
○ Maintain spare parts.
○ Arrange instant repairs.
○ Study and supply stand by generators for critical locations.

Accountabilities
✓ Escalate critical requirement to Management.
✓ Conduct regular meetings (minimum frequency of meetings-twice a week).
✓ Maintain daily records of fuel availability.
✓ Produce Daily consumption reports.
✓ Maintain Records of daily fillings.
✓ Introduce Controls required for efficient operation and economic usage of fuel.
✓ Minimize wastage.

The Terms of Reference of the above team is indicated in the attached Annexure A.

Further, arrangements are being made to store required fuel at Welikada, and this arrangement will be streamlined further.

We kindly request all employees to work together and support the above team to manage the power & energy requirement at SLT.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe  
Chief Executive Officer

Copies- GCEO - For Your Information PIs  
CEO-Mobitel - For Your Information PIs

ANNEXURE A

TERMS OF REFERENCE FOR POWER AND ENERGY CRISIS MANAGEMENT
✓ Understand daily consumption of energy per location
✓ Identify and publish commercial power supply outages and schedules published by CEB
✓ Identify available stocks of fuel
✓ Understand daily fuel requirements for uninterrupted electricity supply for equipment and office operation
✓ Arrange fuel supply
✓ Suggest alternate methods of supplying fuel
✓ Coordinate with energy ministry, telecom ministry and regulatory bodies
✓ Identify spare stocks requirements and storage facilities and locations
✓ Maintain adequate stocks of fuel
✓ Identify priorities of operation
✓ Prepare minimum requirements of operation in an emergency
✓ Identify economic utilization in the crisis period
✓ Propose actions to reduce energy consumption
✓ Identify gaps and organize routine repairs for island wide generators for uninterrupted operation
✓ Identify spare generators requirement and sourcing methods
✓ Identify alternate power sources like solar energy
✓ Identify road map to green energy at zero emissions
✓ Any other requirements