CEO's Circular No. 25/2022

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.

31 March 2022

To: All SLT Staff,

SALARY ANOMALY RESOLUTION - GRADE A6 AND BELOW STAFF

In the recent past, SLT management conducted a series of discussions with the Trade Unions regarding salary anomaly correction for the grade A6 to A16. Several proposals were put forward for discussion and the management has carefully analyzed all proposals in view of accommodating the same in line with the organization business performance including the projected revenue streams anticipated amidst present challenging market conditions, organizations profitability and other operational KPIs.

The recruitment of HCS staff into permanent carder of SLT was implemented in June 2020. As per the tripartite Agreement entered between the Management, HCS and the Trade Unions, the management was able to provide a reasonable solution as the first step towards the resolution of salary disparities in 2020 itself. Also, as the second stage, during the year 2021 arrangements were made to offer an upward salary revision to grade A6 to A16 staff to mitigate salary anomalies highlighted by the Trade Unions and staff with effect from 1st September 2021, as a positive move towards reaching a solution to the outstanding salary anomaly issue.

Further, the management has initiated steps to amend the SRPS, to introduce a more meaningful recruitment and promotion structure in line with the current industry standards, to strengthen the skills of employees and to create a competency-based career path for advancement. During this exercise organizational salary grades will be restructured while minimizing salary anomalies identified between different grades. The next stage of salary anomaly resolution is currently being reviewed by the management and intend to commence negotiations with stakeholders during the month of May 2022. Notwithstanding the above, SLT PLC will continuously offer range of benefits to all staff depending on the progress of the company and efficient discharge of duties by the staff.

Dedication and commitment of our employees have the way to drive our company forward by delivering strong growth and financial performance, despite the challenges faced during the past. Hence, the management sincerely appreciates all staff for their support, dedication and commitment amid challenging times and anticipate further cooperation towards the salary anomaly resolution process.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe Chief Executive Officer