CEO’s Circular No. 01/2022

CEO’s Office
Sri Lanka Telecom PLC
Colombo 01

C7 January 2022

To All SLT Employees,

ANNUAL PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL-2021

Please be informed that the annual performance appraisals for the year 2021 will commence with effective from 01.01.2022 and the effective duration for the evaluation is from 01st January 2021 to 31st December 2021. Managing staff performance is a significant supervisory responsibility, because it directly enables staff members to perform as effectively as possible to support divisional and company performance. Please note that all supervising officers are responsible to ensure completion of performance appraisal as per the appraisal time plan for all their subordinates and also need to complete their subordinates' appraisal before participating his/her own appraisal interview.

Appraisal Process
Appraisal process consists of 4 steps, namely self-appraisal (appraisee), supervisor appraisal (main appraiser), supervisor's peers appraisal (2 peers) and reviewer appraisal. Appraisal should be done via ERP system and approval process should be completed through relevant protocol with the approval of respective Chief Officer on or before the date specified under the time plan below.

Appraisal Method
Appraisals of all staff should be carried out through the ERP system. All supervising officers are responsible to ensure completion of performance appraisal in the ERP system for all their subordinates and also need to complete their subordinates' appraisal before participating his/her own appraisal interview. Further the respective supervising officer shall facilitate the process by assisting the staff who do not have dedicated computer to complete the appraisal in the ERP system throughout the performance appraisal process.

Supervisor's Peers Appraisal (Peers of immediate supervisor)
In view of enhancing the performance management process, the management introduced Supervisor's Peers Appraisal from this time (2021) onward. Supervisor's peers are usually officers at the same level or rank work with the supervisor. Supervisor's supervisor shall name two peers for each employee for performance appraisal, same should be updated in ERP as well to initiate the appraisal process. Peers can be appointed within the group or outside the group. Accordingly peer may comprise of employees from same/different divisions/sections or teams that are working together as one unit for the completion of a project/target. Example: for a manager reporting to a DGM, supervisor's peer should be a DGM.

Appraisal Interview
It is compulsory to conduct year-end performance appraisal interview between appraisee, main appraiser, both supervisor's peers and reviewer which will enable them to communicate first-hand information which will form part of their overall assessment. This interview should be conducted for each individual for the duration of at least 10 minutes. During the interview all the parties may share their views and feedback on levels of targets achievements, competencies, gaps and areas to be improved during next year. Executive supervisory officers are held responsible for detail and record the competency gaps that should be developed by the appraisee, to support them,and to follow up actions on what employees should be accomplish through Training & Development.
It is compulsory to conduct performance appraisal interview and communicate the relevant appraisal rating to the employees with feedback. Reviewer has to ensure completion of year-end performance appraisal interview before his/her reviewer evaluation.

Page 1 of 2

Appraisal Guidelines
Performance management procedure document and ERP user guide for performance appraisal can be downloaded from the intranet. Please read complete performance management procedure document and ERP user guide prior to commencement of the appraisal.
All executive supervising officers are requested to educate their subordinates on the performance appraisal procedure and to facilitate the evaluation.

Click below link to view the ERP user guide other related documents.
http://insite.slt.com.lk/sites/chrlo/hr/hrp/PerformanceManagement/Forms/AllItems.aspx.
(Intranet>Groups>CPO>HR & Industrial Relations>HR Strategy & Policy>Performance Management> Performance Management)

Performance Based Training
Training plays a key role to achieve the ultimate objective of developing employees' performance. Right training guides the employees to improve their competencies and provide means of achieving the desirable level in performance. Executive supervising officers shall record and recommend training for their subordinates via ERP after completion of the appraisal. Accordingly all executive supervisory officers are held responsible to clearly identify the competency gaps that should be developed by their subordinates, direct them for required Training & Development, support them and follow up actions with adequate feedback.

Appraisal Time Plan
I. Completion of self-appraisal before 15th January 2022.
II. Completion of main appraiser-appraisal before 20th January 2022.
III. Completion of supervisor's Peer-appraisal before 25th January 2022.
IV. Completion of reviewer-appraisal on or before 31th January 2022.
V. Completion of approval by the relevant Manager/DGM/GM/CXO before 5th February 2022.

For any further clarifications, please contact Manager-HR Strategies & Policy Section on 0711 433 213/tissawap@slt.com.lk or SAM-HR Strategies & Policy Section on 0710 947 002/011 202 1486/danishkar@slt.com.lk.

Any ERP system related issues, please contact Engineer-ERP on 0715 352 098, e-mail: lakminji@slt.com.lk.

K A Kiththj-Pérera Chief Executive Officer

Page 2 of 2