CEO's Circular No. 68/2022.

CEO's Office
Sri Lanka Telecom PLC.
Colombo
September 2022

To All SLT Staff,

INTRODUCTION OF SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL LOAN SCHEME TO PAY COURSE FEE OF THE COURSES CONDUCTED BY SLT TALENT DEVELOPMENT CENTERS

SLT Talent Development Centers (TDC) are conducting several internationally recognized courses to general public by charging the respective course fee. Many local and international career opportunities are open for those students who complete these courses. Some of these courses are already mapped to Staff Recruitment and Promotional Scheme (SRPS) of SLT employees.

With the aim of promoting career progression of employees as well as their immediate family members by enriching the higher educational qualifications, SLT Management has decided to introduce special Educational Loan Scheme to SLT Permanent Employees. Under this scheme SLT employees or their immediate family members, who follow the courses conducted by SLT Talent Development Centers can pay back the course fee in installments from the employee's salary.

The details of the loan scheme are as follows:

Loan Amount : Rs. 500,000.00 at any given time
Eligibility : SLT Permanent Employees and their immediate family members
Installment Plan : Maximum 60 equal instalments deducted from the employee monthly salary
Other Conditions :
- This loan scheme can be utilized exclusively for the courses conducted by SLT Talent Development Centers.
- Only the course fee that should be paid to TDC is covered under this scheme. Employees must directly pay the Franchise payments / Student enrollment fee / Loyalty payments of external parties, to TDC separately
- Once the loan amount is granted, total loan amount will be recovered from the employee irrespective of the continuation of the program by student.
- Once the loan is repaid, employee can obtain another loan to follow another course subject to the above ceiling value of Rs. 500,000 at any given time.
- All other terms and conditions of SLT Loan process such as entering into loan agreement, 60% salary rule etc will apply.

Janaka R. Abeysinghe
Chief Executive Officer