CEO's Circular No: 07/2022

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 01.

7th February 2022

To All Staff,

REVISED COVID-19 INCIDENT HANDLING PROTOCOL IN THE

NEW NORMAL SITUATION

Considering the new guidelines issued by the Government of Sri Lanka on Covid management practices, the management of SLT has decided to revise its current practices on handling Covid-19 incidents with effect from 1st February 2022. Accordingly, the following changes have been made to current practices with regard to Covid-19 incident handling in the new normal situation.

1. It is emphasized the importance of obtaining the booster dose.
2. All those who are identified Covid positive to be quarantined for a minimum of 7 days from the date of Rapid Antigen Test/ PCR test positivity. However, up to 10 days will be allowed depending on their health condition.

Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) shall be done on the 3rd day for those identified as first contacts of an infected person (only those who had high exposure), and
   i. If found positive the self-quarantine process indicated in (2) above is mandatory.
   ii. If found negative, they can return to normal routine.
   iii. If it was a low exposure and he/she does not have symptoms, they should return to normal routine.
3. As informed on 18th January 2022, the bus service provided during the last 1 ½ years for the staff was ceased w.e.f. 01.02.2022 as public transport has become normal.
4. The current home care medical facilities will continue further to provide relief to the infected staff and their family members. However, dry ration pack for affected employees will not be provided further as the supply chain in the country has become normal.
5. All Regional Managers shall take control in educating staff and managing the situation in getting back to normal routine.
6. Providing PPE items for the staff will be continued.

The management of SLT takes this opportunity to thank all the staff for their commitment towards achieving individual and organizational objectives to uplift its position in the market during these difficult times.

Janaika R Abeysinghe Chief Executive Officer