CEO's Circular No: 79 /2022

CEO's Office, Sri Lanka Telecom PLC, Colombo 1.

21 October 2022

To : All SLT Employees

ENERGY CONSERVATION WEEK

SLT Management has decided to declare the Energy Conservation Week from 08th of November 2022 to 15th of November 2022.

At present, SLT incurs a significant expenditure for energy in the form of Electricity, Water, and Fuel etc. Hence, SLT Management has decided to boost the energy management activities due to prevailing energy crisis in Sri Lanka

Following activities have been identified for implementation during the Energy Conservation Week.

1. Opening session will be held at SLT Auditorium from 9.30 am to 1.00 pm on 08th of November 2022.
2. Online Energy Quiz will be held daily during the "Energy Conservation Week" & winners will be awarded.
3. Awareness sessions will be held through teams/zoom.
4. Identification of Energy Wastage locations, Equipment etc. & submit to Regional Network Engineers/ Relevant DGM or Power & Air-conditioning NOC.

Page 1 of 2

Few examples are given below.
a. Cool Air Leakages through Air-conditioned rooms
b. Partitioning requirements to reduce AC wastages
c. Idling Equipment (MSAN, Tellabs, Shelves, Modules Cards etc.)
d. Rearrangement requirements of switches for lights
e. Inefficient AC Units/ Other Equipment
f. Water/ Fuel Leakages
g. Cleanliness of light fixtures, fans, etc.
h. Obstructing of Air flow of Air conditioner units

5. Implementing appropriate solutions for identified drawbacks.

Any volunteer activity planned by any individual or group that is in line with the objectives of the energy week can be proposed to Energy Management Forum (EMF).

SLT Management encourages all employees to contribute with their ideas, comments, photographs of energy wastage specifying the issue and locations, to the members of EMF through group email emf@slt.com.lk.

All email communications related to energy conservation will be circulated through energysaving@slt.com.lk.

Janaka R Abeysinghe  
Chief Executive Officer

Page 2 of 2